[MRESOLVER-396] Back off on too many requests (#326)
apache/maven-resolver: src/site/markdown/configuration.md

`aether.connector.http.preemptiveAuth` | boolean | Should HTTP client use preemptive-authentication for all HTTP verbs (works only w/ BASIC). By default is disabled, as it is considered less secure. | `false` | yes
`aether.connector.http.preemptivePutAuth` | boolean | Should HTTP client use preemptive-authentication for HTTP PUTs only (works only w/ BASIC). By default is enabled (same as Wagon). | `true` | yes
`aether.connector.http.retryHandler.count` | int | The maximum number of times a request to a remote HTTP server should be retried in case of an error. | `3` | yes

> `aether.connector.http.retryHandler.interval` | long | The initial retry interval if server responds with "too many requests". Is multiplied by 1, 2,.. on each try. | `5000` | yes

Reviewer: can we add the unit here (milliseconds)

Author: done

> `aether.connector.http.retryHandler.intervalMax` | long | The retry interval maximum after request should be given up. | `5 minutes` | yes

Reviewer: Add unit and add the default value in ms. The value in minutes rather in parentheses.

`aether.connector.http.preemptiveAuth` | boolean | Should HTTP client use preemptive-authentication for all HTTP verbs (works only w/ BASIC). By default is disabled, as it is considered less secure. | `false` | yes
`aether.connector.http.preemptivePutAuth` | boolean | Should HTTP client use preemptive-authentication for HTTP PUTs only (works only w/ BASIC). By default is enabled (same as Wagon). | `true` | yes
`aether.connector.http.retryHandler.count` | int | The maximum number of times a request to a remote HTTP server should be retried in case of an error. | `3` | yes

> `aether.connector.http.retryHandler.interval` | long | The initial retry interval if server responds with "too many requests". Is multiplied by 1, 2,.. on each try. | `5000` | yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aether.connector.http.retryHandler.interval` | long | The initial retry interval if server responds with "too many requests".  Previous value is multiplied by 2 on each retry. | `5000` | yes
```

Author: No, is not, initial value is multiplied with 1, 2, 3...

Reviewer: sorry, you are right. Let's leave it like you proposed.
